Update julia.md (#2500)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/languages/julia.md

```

> In addition, `JULIA_PROJECT` is set to `@.`, which means Julia will search through parent directories until a `Project.toml` or `JuliaProject.toml` file is found; the containing directory then is used the home project/environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, `JULIA_PROJECT` is set to `@.`, which means Julia will search through parent directories until a `Project.toml` or `JuliaProject.toml` file is found; the containing directory then is used in the home project/environment.
```

## Example Projects

> Below are a list of open source Julia projects utilizing Travis CI in different ways: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a list of open-source Julia projects utilizing Travis CI in different ways: 
```
